---
title: Model - save
---

# save
Use the *save* method to save the model to the server.

If the model contains an *id* property, the HTTP method is a PUT. In all other instances, the HTTP method is a POST. 


## Syntax
`save(attributes, options)`


## Parameters

**attributes**  
A hash of key-value pairs set on the model. Once set, all attributes are sent to the server. The attributes sent to the server include any existing attributes as well as attributes set by the save call. Use an empty hash, written as {}, to send the current state of the model if no new attributes require updating.

**options**  
The options parameter is an object that can contain any or all of the following properties.

- **success**  
  `function(model, response, options)`  
  A callback function that is called if the request succeeds.

- **error**  
  `function(model, response, options, error)`  
  A callback function that is called if the request fails.

- **abortsLogLevel**  
  A logging level designation used when the request generated by this call is aborted.


## Return value
This method returns a jqXHR.


## Errors thrown
If you do not provide an error callback, the call to *save* throws an error.

## Additional AJAX Options
You can provide additional properties to the options object. The framework then provides those values to the jQuery settings object when making the ajax call.


## Example

```javascript
var updates = { lastName: 'Smith', maritalStatus: 'married' };
user.save(updates, {
    error: function(model, response, options, error) {
        console.log('An error occurred. Error: ' + error.message);
    }
});
```


