---
title: TypeName - wrap
---

# wrap
Use the *wrap* method to generate a type that serves as a proxy for one of the package’s internal types. A wrapper type allows a package to preserve its existing API, even when the interface of the type being wrapped is altered.

The *wrap* method accepts an interface descriptor as its second parameter, which enumerates the members and events that should be exposed by the proxy type. Members can be methods, fields, or properties.
 

## Syntax
`wrap(type, exposedPrototypeItems, exposedItems)`


## Parameters

**type**  
The type managed by the wrapper.

**exposedPrototypeItems**  
An object that may contain one or any combination of the following properties.
- **members**  
  A string array of the names of members that belong to instances of the inner type and are accessible by instances of the proxy type.
- **events**  
  A string array of event names that an instance of the proxy type may raise.
  
This object may be ```null``` if there are no exposed members or events accessed by instances of the proxy type.
  
**exposedItems**  
  An object that may contain one or any combination of the following properties.
- **members**  
  A string array of the names of members that belong directly to the inner type and are accessible by the proxy type.
- **events**  
  A string of event names that the proxy type can directly raise.



## Return value
The proxy type generated by implementing *TypeWrapper*.


## Errors thrown
None


## Example

```javascript
function InnerType() {
    this.method = function() { //... };
    this.trigger('initialized');
}

InnerType.typeMethod = function() { //... };

var OuterType = TypeWrapper.wrap(InnerType,
    { members: ['method'], events: ['initialized'] },
    { members: ['typeMethod'] }
);
```





